Update install.rst to add new system requirements (#69)
kasenvr/vircadia-docs-sphinx: docs/source/explore/get-started/install.rst

Install Vircadia
################

> Vircadia has two different installers. The *Client Installer* comes with everything you need to view and interact with Vircadia's content and users. However, you are unable to host content using this installer. The *Client + Server Installer* has everything the client installer does, but it also enables you to :doc:`host your own content <../../host>` and share it with the world. *The server sandbox is currently only supported on Windows. Alternatively, you can install a server on Linux.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vircadia has two different installers. The *Client Installer* comes with everything you need to view and interact with Vircadia's content and users. However, you are unable to host content using this installer. The *Client + Server Installer* has everything the client installer does, but it also enables you to :doc:`host your own content <../../host>` and share it with the world. *The server installer is currently only provided for Windows. Alternatively, you can manuall install a server on Linux.*
```

Author: I see that you want to get rid of "sandbox" but still have the windows and linux version differ, but we cannot really call a proper package a "manual" install, when it is probably less manual than the windows install.

Author: Maybe something like
```
*The standalone server is currently only supported on Windows. Alternatively, you can install a dedicated server on Linux.*
```
would work?
On Linux, automatic startscripts are installed on both the ubuntu package and when using vircadia-builder.
I don't know how the windows server looks without the tray icon, but I assume it is just a cmd window without any set up services?

Reviewer: Perhaps something along the lines of...
```
*A Client + Server Installer download is only provided for Windows. For Linux you can ... build and deploy a domain server ... <link to docs page describing>*
```

Author: I cannot make documentation links italic, but here we go: 546d9b3

> Vircadia has two different installers. The *Client Installer* comes with everything you need to view and interact with Vircadia's content and users. However, you are unable to host content using this installer. The *Client + Server Sandbox Installer* has everything the client installer does, but it also enables you to :doc:`host your own content <../../host>` and share it with the world. *The server sandbox is currently only supported on Windows. Alternatively, you can install a server on Linux.*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Vircadia has two different installers. The *Client Installer* comes with everything you need to view and interact with Vircadia's content and users. However, you are unable to host content using this installer. The *Client + Server Installer* has everything the client installer does, but it also enables you to :doc:`host your own content <../../host>` and share it with the world. *The server sandbox is currently only supported on Windows. Alternatively, you can install a server on Linux.*
```

.. contents:: On This Page
    :depth: 2

-------------------
System Requirements
-------------------

In order to run Vircadia, ensure that your computer meets these system requirements:

* Operating system:

  * Windows 8.1, 64-bit or Windows 10, 64-bit
  * MacOS High Sierra (10.13) or newer
  * Ubuntu 18.04 64 bit or any other modern Linux distribution

* CPU:

  * **Minimum:** Quad-core
  * **Recommended:** Quad-core with hyper-threading or better

* System memory:

  * **Minimum:** 8GB

* Graphics adapter:

  * **Minimum:** Nvidia 600 series
  * **Recommended:** Nvidia 900 series or higher
  * **Minimum:** AMD Radeon HD 87XX series
  * **Recommended:** AMD Radeon HD 89XX series or higher
  * **Minimum:** Intel 5th generation CPU integrated Iris graphics. Using Intel integrated graphics is not recommended.

.. note:: The listed graphics adapters support OpenGL 4.1 and above. This is a requirement for any graphics adapter running Vircadia.

In addition, your network must have enough internet bandwidth to run Vircadia:

> * If you are using Interface only to explore the metaverse, then you should have internet speeds of at least **10 Mbit/s download** and **2 Mbit/s upload**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you are using Interface only to explore the metaverse, then you should have Internet speeds of at least **10 Mbit/s download** and **2 Mbit/s upload**.
```

> * If you are hosting a domain on a server or your local Sandbox, you need to add **10 Mbit/s upload** for each user that you want to allow to concurrently visit your domain. You will need only **2 Mbit/s upload** per user if you host your assets on an external web-server rather than your domain-server.

Author: As it sounds weird to host a server on a server, I changed the "remote server" to "remote machine"

> * If you are hosting a domain-server on a remote machine or your local computer, you need to add **10 Mbit/s upload** for each user that you want to allow to concurrently visit your domain. You will need only **2 Mbit/s upload** per user if you host your assets on an external web-server rather than your domain-server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you are hosting a domain server on a remote machine or your local computer, you need to add **10 Mbit/s upload** for each user that you want to allow to concurrently visit your domain. You will need only **2 Mbit/s upload** per user if you host your assets on an external web server rather than your domain server.
```

.. note:: A world that is specifically built for low-end systems might run fine on a system with slightly less memory or a lower CPU core count.

> .. note:: Running Vircadia on a high resolution display or in VR mode will need a much better graphics adapter, depending on your displays resolution and targeted framerate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: Running Vircadia on a high resolution display or in VR mode will need a much better graphics adapter, depending on your display's resolution and targeted frame rate.
```

Install Vircadia
################

Vircadia has two different installers. The *Client Installer* comes with everything you need to view and interact with Vircadia's content and users.
However, you are unable to host content using this installer. The *Client + Server Installer* has everything the client installer does,
but it also enables you to :doc:`host your own content <../../host>` and share it with the world.

> The Client + Server Installer download is only provided for Windows. For Linux see :doc:`Host a Domain from a Local or Cloud Linux Server <../../host/server-setup/linux-server>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Client + Server Installer download is only provided for Windows. For Linux see: :doc:`Host a Domain from a Local or Cloud Linux Server <../../host/server-setup/linux-server>`.
```

Install Vircadia
################

> Vircadia has two different installers. The *Client Installer* comes with everything you need to view and interact with Vircadia's content and users. However, you are unable to host content using this installer. The *Client + Sandbox Installer* has everything the client installer does, but it also enables you to :doc:`host your own content <../../host>` and share it with the world.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Vircadia has two different installers. The *Client Installer* comes with everything you need to view and interact with Vircadia's content and users. However, you are unable to host content using this installer. The *Client + Server Sandbox Installer* has everything the client installer does, but it also enables you to :doc:`host your own content <../../host>` and share it with the world. *The server sandbox is currently only supported on Windows. Alternatively, you can install a server on Linux.*
```

Minimum System Requirements
--------------------------------

In order to run Vircadia, ensure that your computer meets these minimum system requirements:

* Operating system:

>   * Windows 8.1, 64-bit minimum

Author: After thinking about it, I removed the minimum and recommended for Windows 8.1 and Windows 10, as they both work equally well.

>   * Windows 8.1, 64-bit minimum

Reviewer 2: That's been tested? I'm hard pressed to find anyone with Windows 8.

>   * Windows 8.1, 64-bit minimum

Author: I tested it on Windows 8.1
Also Windows 8 and Windows 8.1 is a pretty big difference. Just FYI

>   * Windows 8.1, 64-bit minimum

Reviewer 2: Ah, figures, if it was pretty free and clear then coolio. We can always revise the docs to remove it if a famed 8.1 user drops in and finds it's not exactly workable. lol

>   * Windows 10, 64-bit recommended

Author: After thinking about it, I removed the minimum and recommended for Windows 8.1 and Windows 10, as they both work equally well.

>   * MacOS High Sierra (10.13) or newer

Author: I don't think we should put minimum in front of this, as it is a "requirement" and newer mac version aren't more recommended as High Sierra

>   * MacOS High Sierra (10.13) or newer

Reviewer 2: Mayhaps then the word "Required"? I wonder if any other versions work about on par with that. Otherwise maybe we should make clear that we really only support 10.13 and that newer *should* work...

>   * Ubuntu 18.04 64 bit or any other modern Linux distribution

Author: I don't think we should put minimum in front of this, as it is a "requirement" and newer linux distros aren't more recommended.
Similarly I am not sure if commenting on the AppImage makes sense in the system requirements. It is a pretty normal package and we don't do the same on Windows or macOS

>   * Ubuntu 18.04 64 bit or any other modern Linux distribution

Reviewer 2: I don't think that minimum implies that other modern Linux distributions are better than the first, but rather that you must use something along those lines? Even so, I suppose then we should leave off all "Minimum" or "Recommended" for operating systems if we won't do it for all. Otherwise it might look confusing as if we're recommending you use a specific OS over another (e.g. they might think we're saying to use Mac instead of Windows!)

* CPU:

  * Quad-core minimum
  * Quad-core with hyper-threading recommended

* System memory:

  * 8GB minimum

* Graphics adapter:

  * Nvidia 600 series minimum
  * Nvidia 900 series or higher recommended
  * AMD Radeon HD 87XX series minimum
  * AMD Radeon HD 89XX series or higher recommended

>   * Intel 5th generation CPU integrated Iris graphics minimum

Author: Personally I found it to look a bit cleaner without making it italic.
Otherwise I took the suggestion.

  * Intel integrated graphics are not recommended

>   * OpenGL 4.1 minimum (supported by all graphics adapters listed above)

Author: Took the suggestion and changed it to "The listed graphics adapters..." to not have above twice in the same sentence.

In addition, your network must have enough internet bandwidth to run Vircadia:

* If you are using Interface only to explore the metaverse, then you should have internet speeds of at least **10 Mbit/s download/2 Mbit/s** upload.

> * If you are hosting a domain on your Sandbox, you need to add **10 Mbit/s** upload for each user you want to concurrently visit your domain. You will need only **2 Mbit/s** upload per user if you host your assets on an external web-server rather than your domain-server.

Author: Took the suggestion and removed "Windows" as the sandbox is supposed to be able to run on at least macOS as well.

> * If you are hosting a domain on your Sandbox, you need to add **10 Mbit/s** upload for each user you want to concurrently visit your domain. You will need only **2 Mbit/s** upload per user if you host your assets on an external web-server rather than your domain-server.

Reviewer 2: Yeah, but I believe the server-console (which runs the sandbox) isn't operational for Mac at the moment? Not sure it's something we want to really support for its expected likelihood to be used and then likelihood to cause trouble if someone tries to use it.

> * If you are hosting a domain on your Sandbox, you need to add **10 Mbit/s** upload for each user you want to concurrently visit your domain. You will need only **2 Mbit/s** upload per user if you host your assets on an external web-server rather than your domain-server.

Author: Yeah I had edited the comment before I got your reply.

.. note:: A world that is specifically build for low-end systems might run fine on slightly less system memory or lower CPU core count.

.. note:: Running Vircadia on a high resolution display or in VR mode will need a much better graphics adapter, depending on your displays resolution and targeted framerate.

-----------------------------------
Download Vircadia Installer
-----------------------------------

You can download Vircadia through our website:

* `Download the Client Installer <https://vircadia.com/download-vircadia/#interface>`_

> If you intend to use Vircadia in VR mode with a HMD, ensure that SteamVR or Oculus Runtime is also installed on your system before launching Vircadia.

Author: It is spoken as if it starts with an a so this makes sense.

7. Confirm that you want to open the application.
8. Allow microphone access if prompted, in order to be able to talk inside the application.

At this point, Interface will open and you will be able to log in and begin exploring the metaverse.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Linux Install
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

1. Mark the downloaded AppImage file as executable. (for example, with ``chmod +x Vircadia-Alpha-2020.2.5-Asteria.AppImage``.)
2. (Optional) If you want the AppImage to be integrated into your system, install `AppImageLauncher <https://github.com/TheAssassin/AppImageLauncher>`_.
3. Execute AppImage.

Currently the server is not part of the Linux Interface AppImage. To host a domain, please refer to :doc:`Host a Domain from a Local or Cloud Linux Server <../../host/server-setup/linux-server>`.

----------------------------
Upgrade Vircadia
----------------------------

Vircadia is always changing, as we work to improve performance and add features that will enhance your experience in the metaverse.
At any time, you can download the latest release from our `website <https://vircadia.com/download-vircadia/#interface>`_.

> You cannot upgrade Vircadia on Windows if you have Vircadia Interface or Server running on your computer. Be sure to quit this application before upgrading.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You cannot upgrade Vircadia on Windows if you have Vircadia Interface or Server running on your computer. Be sure to quit these applications before upgrading.
```

Author: Good catch. For some reason, Github didn't mark that in the former request: 
![1Auswahl_745](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11144627/93292919-09ac1500-f7e7-11ea-81a3-ba1d6d499f18.png)

Mac Install
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> At this time, the Vircadia installer for Mac is unsigned, so you will need give the OS permission to install and the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At this time, the Vircadia installer for Mac is unsigned, so you will need give the OS permission to install the application.
```

1. Open the downloaded installer dmg file.
2. Agree to the License Agreement.
3. Drag Vircadia to the Applications folder.

> 4. Try open the Interface.app. You will be prompted that macOS will not open the file because it is unsigned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Try opening Interface.app. You will be prompted that macOS will not open the file because it is unsigned.
```

5. Open **System Preferences > Security & Privacy**. On older macOS versions this might be in **System Preferences > General**.
6. Next to the warning indicating that Interface is blocked, click 'Open Anyway'.
7. Confirm that you want to open the application.

> 8. Allow microphone access if prompted to be able to talk inside the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Allow microphone access if prompted, in order to be able to talk inside the application.
```

At this point, Interface will open and you will be able to log in and begin exploring the metaverse.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Linux Install
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> 1. Mark the downloaded AppImage file as executable. (for example with ``chmod +x Vircadia-Alpha-2020.2.5-Asteria.AppImage``)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Mark the downloaded AppImage file as executable. (for example, with ``chmod +x Vircadia-Alpha-2020.2.5-Asteria.AppImage``.)
```

> 2. (optional) if you want the AppImage to be integrated into your system, install `AppImageLauncher <https://github.com/TheAssassin/AppImageLauncher>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. (Optional) If you want the AppImage to be integrated into your system, install `AppImageLauncher <https://github.com/TheAssassin/AppImageLauncher>`_.
```

3. Execute AppImage.

Currently the server is not part of the Linux Interface AppImage. To host a domain, please refer to :doc:`Host a Domain from a Local or Cloud Linux Server <../../host/server-setup/linux-server>`.

----------------------------
Upgrade Vircadia
----------------------------

Vircadia is always changing, as we work to improve performance and add features that will enhance your experience in the metaverse. At any time, you can download the latest release from our `website <https://vircadia.com/download-vircadia/#interface>`_.

> You cannot upgrade Vircadia on Windows if you have a server running in the background of your computer. Be sure to quit this application before upgrading.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You cannot upgrade Vircadia on Windows if you have Vircadia Interface or 
Server running on your computer. Be sure to quit these applications before upgrading.
```

Author: I took the suggestion, but also added ``Keep in mind that Vircadia Server could be running in the background.``,
since users with old installations might still have this feature, or we might want to bring it back (since it is actually quite nice to run something in background).

> You cannot upgrade Vircadia on Windows if the Sandbox or the Console is running in the background of your computer. Be sure to quit these applications before upgrading.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You cannot upgrade Vircadia on Windows if you have a server running in the background of your computer. Be sure to quit this application before upgrading. This will typically be named `server-console.exe` in your task manager's details list.
```

The Sandbox will be referred to as a "Server" going forward, we're slowly going to make sure that renaming takes place. However, regardless the application that runs the server on your local computer is still known as server-console.exe, so that's what people should look out for.

If they started the domain-server directly, they'd be aware of that as they are a more technical user most likely.

Reviewer 2: Also, I do not believe that a user is ever prompted to run the domain-server directly without the server-console as the sandbox is booted from the server-console. Therefore, I assume that they won't ever see anything like "Sandbox" but will encounter rather `domain-server.exe` and `server-console.exe`.

Author: We already have the task manager info two lines lower
```
For Windows, locate the Vircadia app in your system tray. Right-click on the icon and select 'Quit'. Alternatively, end the 'server-console' background process using the Task Manager.
```

For Windows, locate the Vircadia app in your system tray. Right-click on the icon and select 'Quit'. Alternatively, end the 'server-console' background process using the Task Manager.

For more information on the latest releases, see our :doc:`Release Notes <../../release-notes>`.

---------------------------------
Perform a Clean Install
---------------------------------

> If you're facing problems when you load Interface or the Server Sandbox, then you can try performing a clean install. A clean install removes multiple files and settings that you may need once you install Vircadia again.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you're facing problems when you load Interface or the local Server, then you can try performing a clean install. A clean install removes multiple files and settings that you may need once you install Vircadia again.
```

.. note:: Ensure that you back up the following files before a clean install: Favorites, Wearables, Sandbox, and Entities. These settings will be deleted during the clean install.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Windows Clean Install
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

1. Click on the Start menu and type "Add or Remove Programs" in your Windows search bar.

> 2. Uninstall any versions of Vircadia that are visible (Including any Steam installs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Uninstall any versions of Vircadia that are visible (including any Steam installs).
```

Author: I removed this section now, as it suggests Vircadia being available on Steam, which it isn't and probably won't be in the near future.

3. Once Vircadia is uninstalled, browse to your %Program Files% directory. Delete all folders related to Vircadia. If you installed through Steam, these folders will be located at ``C:/Program Files(x86)/Steam/steamapps/common``.

.. warning::

>     The next 3 steps will permanently delete your Server Sandbox content. If you wish to keep this content, copy %AppData%/Local/Vircadia/assignment-client to another location on your computer before proceeding. Repeat for %AppData%/Roaming/Vircadia/assignment-client.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    The next 3 steps will permanently delete your local Server's content. If you wish to keep this content, copy %AppData%/Local/Vircadia/assignment-client to another location on your computer before proceeding. Repeat for %AppData%/Roaming/Vircadia/assignment-client.
```

> 4. Browse to your local %AppData% folder (usually ``C:/Users/<your_username>/AppData/Local``). If you do not see the folder, make sure you can view hidden folders. In File Explorer, click View and make sure "Hidden Items" is checked. Delete all folders related to Vircadia.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Browse to your local %AppData% folder (usually ``C:/Users/<your_username>/AppData/Local``). If you do not see the folder, make sure you can view hidden folders: in File Explorer, click View and make sure "Hidden Items" is checked. Delete all folders related to Vircadia.
```

5. Browse to your roaming %AppData% folder (usually ``C:/Users/<your_username>/AppData/Roaming``). Delete all folders related to Vircadia.

> 6. Re-install Vircadia using the steps above. To restore your Server Sandbox content, copy the ``assignment-client`` folders you previously saved back into to their respective locations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6. Re-install Vircadia using the steps above. To restore your local Server's content, copy the ``assignment-client`` folders you previously saved back into to their respective locations.
```

At this time, the Vircadia installer for Mac is unsigned, so you will need give the OS permission to install and the application.

1. Open the downloaded installer dmg file.
2. Agree to the License Agreement.
3. Drag Vircadia to the Applications folder.
4. Try open the Interface.app. You will be prompted that macOS will not open the file because it is unsigned.
5. Open **System Preferences > Security & Privacy**. On older macOS versions this might be in **System Preferences > General**.
6. Next to the warning indicating that Interface is blocked, click 'Open Anyway'.
7. Confirm that you want to open the application.
8. Allow microphone access if prompted to be able to talk inside the application.

At this point, Interface will open and you will be able to log in and begin exploring the metaverse.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Linux Install
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

1. Mark the downloaded AppImage file as executable. (for example with ``chmod +x Vircadia-Alpha-2020.2.3-Asteria.AppImage``)
2. (optional) if you want the AppImage to be integrated into your system, install `AppImageLauncher <https://github.com/TheAssassin/AppImageLauncher>`_.
3. Execute AppImage.

> Currently the sandbox is not part of the Linux Interface build. To install a sandbox (also called domain), please refer to :doc:`Host a Domain from a Local or Cloud Linux Server <../../host/server-setup/linux-server>`.

Author: Took the suggestion but changed from "...To install host a domain, please..." to "...To host a domain, please..."

----------------------------
Upgrade Vircadia
----------------------------

Vircadia is always changing, as we work to improve performance and add features that will enhance your experience in the metaverse. At any time, you can download the latest release from our `website <https://vircadia.com/download-vircadia/#interface>`_.

> You cannot upgrade if Sandbox or the Console is running in the background of your computer. Be sure to quit these applications before upgrading.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You cannot upgrade Vircadia on Windows if the Sandbox or the Console is running in the background of your computer. Be sure to quit these applications before upgrading.
```

Reviewer 2: Currently, we're not going to ship these components on Mac.

For Windows, locate the Vircadia app in your system tray. Right-click on the icon and select 'Quit'. Alternatively, end the 'server-console' background process using the Task Manager.

> For OS X, locate the Vircadia icon in the menu bar. Click on the icon and select 'Quit'.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer 2: Useful info, but we won't ship it any longer if we can help it.

For more information on the latest releases, see our :doc:`Release Notes <../../release-notes>`.

---------------------------------
Perform a Clean Install
---------------------------------

> If you're facing problems when you load Interface and Sandbox, you can try performing a clean install. A clean install removes multiple files and settings that you may need once you install Vircadia again.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you're facing problems when you load Interface or the Server Sandbox, then you can try performing a clean install. A clean install removes multiple files and settings that you may need once you install Vircadia again.
```

.. note:: Ensure that you back up the following files before a clean install: Favorites, Wearables, Sandbox, and Entities. These settings will be deleted during the clean install.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Windows Clean Install
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

1. Click on the Start menu and type "Add or Remove Programs" in your Windows search bar.
2. Uninstall any versions of Vircadia that are visible (Including any Steam installs).
3. Once Vircadia is uninstalled, browse to your %Program Files% directory. Delete all folders related to Vircadia. If you installed through Steam, these folders will be located at ``C:/Program Files(x86)/Steam/steamapps/common``.

.. warning::

>     The next 3 steps will permanently delete your Sandbox content. If you wish to keep this content, copy %AppData%/Local/Project Athena/assignment-client to another location on your computer before proceeding. Repeat for %AppData%/Roaming/Project Athena/assignment-client.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    The next 3 steps will permanently delete your Server Sandbox content. If you wish to keep this content, copy %AppData%/Local/Vircadia/assignment-client to another location on your computer before proceeding. Repeat for %AppData%/Roaming/Vircadia/assignment-client.
```

Author: We actually overlooked something here. 
```
Repeat for %AppData%/Roaming/Vircadia/assignment-client.
```
I assume there is a sandbox folder or something this is supposed to point to. @kasenvr do you know what folder this is supposed mean?

Author: Nevermind I noticed that one is in Roaming and one is in Local

4. Browse to your local %AppData% folder (usually ``C:/Users/<your_username>/AppData/Local``). If you do not see the folder, make sure you can view hidden folders. In File Explorer, click View and make sure "Hidden Items" is checked. Delete all folders related to Vircadia.
5. Browse to your roaming %AppData% folder (usually ``C:/Users/<your_username>/AppData/Roaming``). Delete all folders related to Vircadia.

> 6. Re-install Vircadia using the steps above. To restore your Sandbox content, copy the ``assignment-client`` folders you backed up back to their respective locations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6. Re-install Vircadia using the steps above. To restore your Server Sandbox content, copy the ``assignment-client`` folders you previously saved back into their respective locations.
```

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Mac Clean Install
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

1. Open your Applications folder and delete the Vircadia folder.
2. Open the ``<username>/.config`` folder. This is a hidden folder than is accessible by going to *Go > Home*. Press the keyboard shortcut ``Command + Shift + .`` (period).

> 3. Delete the ``highfidelity.io`` folder.

Reviewer 2: I don't recall if I fixed this as of yet. So for now we'll leave that reference I suppose.
